Release note for Circle CI (#1216)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2022-12-22-Circle-CI.md

---

> title: Circle CI

Reviewer: Please add more descriptive title

Author: Done

> title: CircleCI job analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: CircleCI Job Analytics
```

tags: [apps]
hide_table_of_contents: true
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - sumo logic

>   - Circle CI

Reviewer: CircleCI is one word

Author: Corrected.

authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> Now you can report CircleCI job analytics to your SumoLogic dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can report CircleCI job analytics to your Sumo Logic dashboard.
```

> Now you can report CircleCI job analytics to your SumoLogic dashboard.
> 
> New job-collector command:
> This command sends environment, team, and service information at the job level. Add this command to your job with the environment, team, or service custom-data values as parameters. This command will run with the rest of the job's commands for sending the job log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now report CircleCI job analytics to your Sumo Logic dashboard using our new job-collector command, which sends environment, team, and service information at the job level. 

Add this command to your job with the environment, team, or service custom-data values as parameters. This command will run with the rest of the job's commands for sending the job log.
```

:::
Note: Not including this command at the job level will send empty custom-data values to Sumo.

> :::

Reviewer: Broken note formatting

Author: Fixed

> Also, the orb is now at sumologic/sumologic. The new orb repo is https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-orb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, refer to the [Sumo Logic orb repo](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-orb#job-collector).
```
